Add process for reporting customer revenue status (#17965)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/business-operations/README.md

> **Warning:** Do NOT buy LinkedIn Recruiter. AEs and SDRs should use their personal Brex card to purchase the monthly [Core Sales Navigator](https://business.linkedin.com/sales-solutions/compare-plans) plan. Fleet does not use a company wide Sales Navigator account. The goal of Sales Navigator is to access to profile views and data, not InMail.  Fleet does not send InMail. 

### Report on status of customer financial actions
This reporting is performed to update the status of open or upcoming customer actions regarding the financial health of the opportunity. To complete the report:
- Go to this [report folder](https://fleetdm.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Folder/00lUG000000DstpYAC/view?queryScope=userFolders) in SFDC. The three reports will provide the data used in the report.

> - Post in the #g-sales slack channel in the following format, using the data from the SFDC reports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy the template below and paste it into the [#g-sales slack channel](https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C030A767HQV) and complete all "todos" using the data from Salesforce before sending. 
```

> > Weekly revenue report - [@ mention CRO and CEO]

Reviewer: Replace lines 132 - 135 with a code block that is easier to copy and paste into Slack, see below

```
Weekly revenue report - [@`todo: CRO` and `@todo: CEO`]
- Number accounts with outstanding balances = `todo`
- Number of customers awaiting invoices = `todo`
- Number of past-due renewals = `todo`
```
